KOGITO-6985 and KOGITO-7402 - Document new features in release notes (#4270)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/kogito-docs/src/main/asciidoc/release-notes/ReleaseNotesKogito.1.24.0.Final/ReleaseNotesKogito.1.24.0.Final.adoc

Starting from {PRODUCT} 1.24.0, the model-specific OAS/Swagger type names by default will now be based on the names of the DMN/Decisions models themselves, for example, `InputSetLoan`, `InputSetValidation`, etc.
In the case of two DMN/Decisions models sharing the same name, it will automatically fall back to the previous number-based format. In addition, the number-based format strategy now accounts for the DMN/Decisions models to be ordered by their namespace and name, to maximize stable naming results in the OAS/Swagger definitions file.

NOTE: No change is required from a Kogito application development perspective.

This is an effective convenient improvement while integrating your Kogito-based application with external tools, clients, and plugins. For more information, see https://issues.redhat.com/browse/KOGITO-7154[KOGITO-7154].

=== {PRODUCT} changes in `KogitoProcessEventListener` behaviour

> Starting from this release, any `KogitoProcessEventListener` registered in {PRODUCT} runtime, will immediately be executed once the engines triggers an event. Previously, it would be enlisted as part of the `UnitOfWork` and only be executed once the work was completed. To achieve similar behaviour, its recommended to use an `EventPublisher`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from this release, any `KogitoProcessEventListener` registered in {PRODUCT} runtime, will immediately be executed once the engine triggers an event. Previously, it would be enlisted as a part of the `UnitOfWork` and only be executed once the work was completed. To achieve a similar behavior, it is recommended to use an `EventPublisher`.
```

=== {PRODUCT} persistence support for process versions

Basic support for Process versions is included in this release. This includes adding a new `process_version` column in the database. Initially,

> version support is only available on `jdbc` and `postgresql` persistence addons. By default, version support will persist the version from the BPMN or SW file. This means, that processes are individually versioned and the lifecycle of it can be manually tweak as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
version support is only available on `jdbc` and `postgresql` persistence addons. By default, version support will persist the version from the BPMN or SW file. This means, that processes are individually versioned and the lifecycle of it can be manually tweaked as needed.
```

> Another strategy is to use the project version for all processes. This can be achieved by setting `kogito.workflow.version-strategy=project` in the application.properties. Versioning processes allows to isolate different runtimes sharing the same database. This means that different runtimes, running different process version would not be able to retrieve information from any process that does not belong to the same process version that in execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another strategy is to use the project version for all the processes. This can be achieved by setting `kogito.workflow.version-strategy=project` in the application.properties. The versioning process allows isolating different runtimes sharing the same database. This means that different runtimes, running different process versions would not be able to retrieve information from any process that does not belong to the same process version in execution.
```
